docs/miner-setup.md, before:

# Miner Setup Guide

> **⚠️ IMPORTANT ARCHITECTURE CHANGE**
> Miners NO LONGER run nodes or servers. You submit Python agent CODE via API.
> NO infrastructure costs. NO API costs. Just write your forecasting logic.

## Overview

This guide walks you through:
1. Setting up your development environment
2. Creating and registering a Bittensor wallet
3. Writing your forecasting agent code
4. Testing your agent locally
5. Submitting your agent to the network

For competition rules and constraints, see [subnet-rules.md](./subnet-rules.md).
For system architecture details, see [architecture.md](./architecture.md).
For gateway API reference (Chutes AI, Desearch AI), see [gateway-guide.md](./gateway-guide.md).

The key rules to follow as a miner are the following:
- **The sandbox times out after 150s**
- **The total cost limit on API calls is $0.02**
- **DO NOT include dynamic timestamps or random data in prompts to make sure our caching system is hit across different validator executions**.
- **A forecasting agent can only be updated at most once every 3 days**

All events are currently 3 days events. The length of the immunity period is about 4 days to ensure any time before registration. 


---

# System Requirements

**For Local Development & Testing:**
- Python 3.11+
- Text editor or IDE
- `numi` CLI tool (installed via this repo)
- **Chutes AI API key** (for local testing with LLMs)
- **Desearch AI API key** (for local testing with web/Twitter search)

**Get API Keys:**
- Chutes AI: https://chutes.ai/app
- Desearch AI: https://desearch.ai/

**Note:** API keys are only needed for **local testing**. In production, validators provide API access via gateway at no cost to you.

---

# Setup Steps

## 1. Clone Repository & Install CLI

```bash
git clone https://github.com/numinouslabs/numinous.git
cd numinous
```

Install the `numi` CLI tool:

```bash
pip install -e .
```

Verify installation:

```bash
numi --version
# Should output: numi, version 2.0.0
```

## 2. Create & Register Wallet

See [wallet-setup.md](./wallet-setup.md) for complete wallet creation and registration instructions.

**Quick summary:**
1. Create coldkey and hotkey with `btcli`
2. Get testnet TAO from https://app.minersunion.ai/testnet-faucet
3. Register on subnet (netuid 155 testnet, 6 mainnet)
4. Verify registration with `btcli wallet overview`

---

# Writing Your Agent

## Agent Code Requirements

Your agent must implement a single function:

```python
from typing import Dict, Any

def agent_main(event_data: Dict[str, Any]) -> Dict[str, Any]:
    """
    Forecast binary event probability.

    Args:
        event_data: {
            "event_id": str,        # Unique event identifier
            "title": str,           # Short event title
            "description": str,     # Full event description
            "cutoff": str,          # ISO 8601 datetime (prediction deadline)
            "metadata": dict        # Event-specific data
        }

    Returns:
        {
            "event_id": str,        # Echo back from input
            "prediction": float     # Probability in [0.0, 1.0]
        }
    """
    prediction = 0.5  # Your logic here

    return {
        "event_id": event_data["event_id"],
        "prediction": prediction
    }
```

**Constraints:** See [subnet-rules.md](./subnet-rules.md) for execution timeouts, code size limits, and available libraries.

**Gateway API:** For complete gateway endpoint documentation, see [gateway-guide.md](./gateway-guide.md).

## Example Agents

### Simple Baseline

```python
from typing import Dict, Any

def agent_main(event_data: Dict[str, Any]) -> Dict[str, Any]:
    """Returns 0.5 for all events."""
    return {
        "event_id": event_data["event_id"],
        "prediction": 0.5
    }
```

### LLM-Based Agent (Using Chutes AI)

**Important:** All agents MUST use the proxy URL and include `RUN_ID` in their requests.

```python
import os
from typing import Dict, Any
from langchain_openai import ChatOpenAI

# Required: Get proxy URL and run ID from environment
PROXY_URL = os.getenv("SANDBOX_PROXY_URL", "http://sandbox_proxy")
RUN_ID = os.getenv("RUN_ID")  # Required - validator provides this

# Validate required environment variables
if not RUN_ID:
    raise ValueError("RUN_ID environment variable is required but not set")

# Initialize LLM pointing to gateway
CHUTES_URL = f"{PROXY_URL}/api/gateway/chutes"

llm = ChatOpenAI(
    model="deepseek-ai/DeepSeek-V3-0324",
    base_url=CHUTES_URL,
    api_key="not-needed",
    extra_body={"run_id": RUN_ID},
)

def agent_main(event_data: Dict[str, Any]) -> Dict[str, Any]:
    """LLM-based forecasting agent."""

    prompt = f"""You are a forecasting expert. Analyze this event and provide a probability between 0 and 1.

    Event: {event_data['description']}
    Cutoff: {event_data['cutoff']}

    Return ONLY a number between 0 and 1."""

    response = llm.invoke(prompt)
    prediction_text = response.content.strip()
    prediction = float(prediction_text)

    # Ensure valid range
    prediction = max(0.0, min(1.0, prediction))

    return {
        "event_id": event_data["event_id"],
        "prediction": prediction
    }
```

### Using Desearch (Web/Twitter Search)

```python
import os
import httpx
from typing import Dict, Any

# Required: Get proxy URL and run ID
PROXY_URL = os.getenv("SANDBOX_PROXY_URL", "http://sandbox_proxy")
RUN_ID = os.getenv("RUN_ID")

if not RUN_ID:
    raise ValueError("RUN_ID environment variable is required but not set")

DESEARCH_URL = f"{PROXY_URL}/api/gateway/desearch"

def agent_main(event_data: Dict[str, Any]) -> Dict[str, Any]:
    """Uses Desearch to gather information."""

    # Search for relevant information
    payload = {
        "prompt": f"Search for information about: {event_data['title']}",
        "tools": ["WEB"],  # or ["TWITTER"]
        "model": "NOVA",
        "streaming": False,
        "count": 10,
        "run_id": str(RUN_ID),
    }

    response = httpx.post(
        f"{DESEARCH_URL}/ai/search",
        json=payload,
        timeout=60.0,
    )

    results = response.json()

    # Analyze results and compute prediction
    prediction = analyze_results(results, event_data)

    return {
        "event_id": event_data["event_id"],
        "prediction": prediction
    }

def analyze_results(results, event_data):
    # Your analysis logic here
    return 0.5
```

## Important Notes

1. **Always use `SANDBOX_PROXY_URL`** - Never hardcode API URLs
2. **Always include `RUN_ID`** - Required for tracking and authentication
3. **Check hot models** - Visit https://chutes.ai/app to see available models before using them
4. **Implement retry logic** - Handle API errors with proper fallback strategies

## Best Practices

### Error Handling

Always implement robust error handling for API calls. Chutes AI can return these errors:

- **503 Service Unavailable** - Cold model (no active instances), implement exponential backoff
- **404 Not Found** - Model doesn't exist, check https://chutes.ai/app for available models
- **429 Too Many Requests** - Rate limit exceeded, implement exponential backoff

**Example retry logic:**

```python
import time
from typing import Dict, Any

def agent_main(event_data: Dict[str, Any]) -> Dict[str, Any]:
    max_retries = 3
    base_delay = 2  # seconds

    for attempt in range(max_retries):
        try:
            response = llm.invoke(prompt)
            prediction = parse_response(response)

            return {
                "event_id": event_data["event_id"],
                "prediction": prediction
            }
        except Exception as e:
            error_str = str(e)

            # Check for specific errors
            if "503" in error_str or "429" in error_str:
                if attempt < max_retries - 1:
                    delay = base_delay ** (attempt + 1)  # 2s, 4s, 8s
                    time.sleep(delay)
                    continue

            # If all retries fail or other error, return fallback
            break

    # Fallback prediction
    return {
        "event_id": event_data["event_id"],
        "prediction": 0.5
    }
```

### Prompt Optimization

**Don't include dynamic timestamps in prompts** - This interferes with caching and wastes API calls:

```python
# BAD - Breaks caching
prompt = f"""Current date: {datetime.now()}
Analyze this event: {event_data['description']}"""
```

### Timeout Management

**Leave buffer time for retries** - With a 150-second timeout, plan your execution:

- Multiple retries: Account for exponential backoff delays
- Fallback logic: Always have a quick fallback (return 0.5) if time runs out

**Example timing strategy:**

```python
import time

start_time = time.time()
timeout = 140  # Leave 10s buffer before hard 150s limit

def check_time_remaining():
    elapsed = time.time() - start_time
    return timeout - elapsed

# In your retry loop
if check_time_remaining() < 20:  # Need at least 20s for retry
    return fallback_prediction()
```

---

# Testing Your Agent

## Using numi CLI

The CLI provides an intuitive testing workflow and will guide you through:

```bash
# Start local gateway (one-time setup)
numi gateway configure  # Set your API keys
numi gateway start      # Start local proxy

# Test your agent
numi test-agent

# Or test specific file
numi test-agent --agent-file my_agent.py
```

**Example output:**

```
🧪 Numinous - Agent Testing Tool

✓ All checks passed!
✓ Found agent: my_agent.py
✓ Selected 5 event(s)

Running tests...

Event evt_123: 0.650 (12.4s) ✓
Event evt_124: 0.420 (18.2s) ✓
Event evt_125: ERROR - Missing prediction field
Event evt_126: 0.890 (15.1s) ✓
Event evt_127: 0.510 (9.8s) ✓

Results: 4/5 successful
Average execution time: 13.9s
```

## Gateway Commands

```bash
numi gateway start       # Start gateway
numi gateway stop        # Stop gateway
numi gateway status      # Check status
numi gateway logs        # View logs (local gateway only)
numi gateway configure   # Update API keys
```

## Viewing Logs

**Local Testing:**
- Use `numi test-agent` to see real-time execution output
- Use `numi gateway logs` to view local gateway logs

**Production (Sandbox Execution Logs):**

Fetch logs from validator sandbox executions using your `run_id`:

```bash
numi fetch-logs
```

The CLI will prompt you for:
1. **Run ID** - Get this from the [analytics dashboard](https://app.hex.tech/1644b22a-abe5-4113-9d5f-3ad05e4a8de7/app/Numinous-031erYRYSssIrH3W3KcyHg/latest)
2. **Environment** - `test` or `prod`
3. **Wallet** - Authenticates you (you can only access your own logs)

**Note:** Production log fetching requires wallet authentication. You can only view logs for your own agent executions.

---

# Submitting Your Agent

Place your agent in the expected directory:

```bash
mkdir -p neurons/miner/agents
cp my_agent.py neurons/miner/agents/
```

Submit using the CLI:

```bash
# Interactive mode (recommended)
numi upload-agent

# Or specify all options
numi upload-agent \
  --agent-file my_agent.py \
  --env test \
  --wallet miner \
  --hotkey default \
  --name "My Forecaster v1"
```

The CLI will guide you through the process - just follow the prompts!

**Upload confirmation:**

```
✓ Upload successful!
Agent ID: [generated_id]
Network: TEST

⚠️  Remember to link services for this new code!
Run: numi services link
```

## Linking Services

After uploading your agent, link your API accounts to cover API costs for LLM inference and search.

### Chutes AI (LLM Inference)

Link your Chutes account to access higher budget for LLM API calls:

```bash
numi services link chutes
```

You'll be prompted for:
- Your Chutes API key (get from https://chutes.ai/app)
- Coldkey password (to sign the linking)

**Cost Tiers:**
- Free tier (default): $0.01 per agent run
- Paid tier (your key): $0.10 per agent run

### Desearch AI (Search & Data)

Link your Desearch account to cover search API costs:

```bash
numi services link desearch
```

You'll be prompted for:
- Your Desearch API key (get from https://console.desearch.ai)
- Coldkey password (to sign the linking)

**Cost Tiers:**
- Free tier (default): $0.01 per agent run
- Paid tier (your key): $0.10 per agent run

**Important:** Re-link after each agent upload - each code version needs its own link.

Check your linked services anytime:
```bash
numi services list
```

## Activation Schedule

⚠️ **Important:** Submitted code activates at **next 00:00 UTC**.

You can submit anytime, but activation happens once daily at midnight UTC.

## Complete CLI Command Reference

```bash
# Agent Management
numi upload-agent          # Submit agent to network
numi list-agents           # List your uploaded agents
numi inspect-agent         # View/download agent code

# Service Linking
numi services link chutes   # Link Chutes API key
numi services link desearch # Link Desearch API key
numi services list          # Check linked services

# Local Testing
numi test-agent            # Test agent with real events

# Gateway (local testing only)
numi gateway configure     # Set API keys (one-time setup)
numi gateway start         # Start gateway
numi gateway stop          # Stop gateway
numi gateway status        # Check health
numi gateway logs          # View logs

# Production Logs
numi fetch-logs            # Fetch validator execution logs
```

---

**Next Steps:**
1. Read [subnet-rules.md](./subnet-rules.md) for competition rules and constraints
2. Review [architecture.md](./architecture.md) for system details
3. Check example agents in `neurons/miner/agents/`

Commit message:

Revise API key prompts and add coldkey signature info
Updated API key prompts and added coldkey signature requirement for Chutes and Desearch services. Included note about Desearch's oauth system.

docs/miner-setup.md, after:

# Miner Setup Guide

> **⚠️ IMPORTANT ARCHITECTURE CHANGE**
> Miners NO LONGER run nodes or servers. You submit Python agent CODE via API.
> NO infrastructure costs. NO API costs. Just write your forecasting logic.

## Overview

This guide walks you through:
1. Setting up your development environment
2. Creating and registering a Bittensor wallet
3. Writing your forecasting agent code
4. Testing your agent locally
5. Submitting your agent to the network

For competition rules and constraints, see [subnet-rules.md](./subnet-rules.md).
For system architecture details, see [architecture.md](./architecture.md).
For gateway API reference (Chutes AI, Desearch AI), see [gateway-guide.md](./gateway-guide.md).

The key rules to follow as a miner are the following:
- **The sandbox times out after 150s**
- **The total cost limit on API calls is $0.02**
- **DO NOT include dynamic timestamps or random data in prompts to make sure our caching system is hit across different validator executions**.
- **A forecasting agent can only be updated at most once every 3 days**

All events are currently 3 days events. The length of the immunity period is about 4 days to ensure any time before registration. 


---

# System Requirements

**For Local Development & Testing:**
- Python 3.11+
- Text editor or IDE
- `numi` CLI tool (installed via this repo)
- **Chutes AI API key** (for local testing with LLMs)
- **Desearch AI API key** (for local testing with web/Twitter search)

**Get API Keys:**
- Chutes AI: https://chutes.ai/app
- Desearch AI: https://desearch.ai/

**Note:** API keys are only needed for **local testing**. In production, validators provide API access via gateway at no cost to you.

---

# Setup Steps

## 1. Clone Repository & Install CLI

```bash
git clone https://github.com/numinouslabs/numinous.git
cd numinous
```

Install the `numi` CLI tool:

```bash
pip install -e .
```

Verify installation:

```bash
numi --version
# Should output: numi, version 2.0.0
```

## 2. Create & Register Wallet

See [wallet-setup.md](./wallet-setup.md) for complete wallet creation and registration instructions.

**Quick summary:**
1. Create coldkey and hotkey with `btcli`
2. Get testnet TAO from https://app.minersunion.ai/testnet-faucet
3. Register on subnet (netuid 155 testnet, 6 mainnet)
4. Verify registration with `btcli wallet overview`

---

# Writing Your Agent

## Agent Code Requirements

Your agent must implement a single function:

```python
from typing import Dict, Any

def agent_main(event_data: Dict[str, Any]) -> Dict[str, Any]:
    """
    Forecast binary event probability.

    Args:
        event_data: {
            "event_id": str,        # Unique event identifier
            "title": str,           # Short event title
            "description": str,     # Full event description
            "cutoff": str,          # ISO 8601 datetime (prediction deadline)
            "metadata": dict        # Event-specific data
        }

    Returns:
        {
            "event_id": str,        # Echo back from input
            "prediction": float     # Probability in [0.0, 1.0]
        }
    """
    prediction = 0.5  # Your logic here

    return {
        "event_id": event_data["event_id"],
        "prediction": prediction
    }
```

**Constraints:** See [subnet-rules.md](./subnet-rules.md) for execution timeouts, code size limits, and available libraries.

**Gateway API:** For complete gateway endpoint documentation, see [gateway-guide.md](./gateway-guide.md).

## Example Agents

### Simple Baseline

```python
from typing import Dict, Any

def agent_main(event_data: Dict[str, Any]) -> Dict[str, Any]:
    """Returns 0.5 for all events."""
    return {
        "event_id": event_data["event_id"],
        "prediction": 0.5
    }
```

### LLM-Based Agent (Using Chutes AI)

**Important:** All agents MUST use the proxy URL and include `RUN_ID` in their requests.

```python
import os
from typing import Dict, Any
from langchain_openai import ChatOpenAI

# Required: Get proxy URL and run ID from environment
PROXY_URL = os.getenv("SANDBOX_PROXY_URL", "http://sandbox_proxy")
RUN_ID = os.getenv("RUN_ID")  # Required - validator provides this

# Validate required environment variables
if not RUN_ID:
    raise ValueError("RUN_ID environment variable is required but not set")

# Initialize LLM pointing to gateway
CHUTES_URL = f"{PROXY_URL}/api/gateway/chutes"

llm = ChatOpenAI(
    model="deepseek-ai/DeepSeek-V3-0324",
    base_url=CHUTES_URL,
    api_key="not-needed",
    extra_body={"run_id": RUN_ID},
)

def agent_main(event_data: Dict[str, Any]) -> Dict[str, Any]:
    """LLM-based forecasting agent."""

    prompt = f"""You are a forecasting expert. Analyze this event and provide a probability between 0 and 1.

    Event: {event_data['description']}
    Cutoff: {event_data['cutoff']}

    Return ONLY a number between 0 and 1."""

    response = llm.invoke(prompt)
    prediction_text = response.content.strip()
    prediction = float(prediction_text)

    # Ensure valid range
    prediction = max(0.0, min(1.0, prediction))

    return {
        "event_id": event_data["event_id"],
        "prediction": prediction
    }
```

### Using Desearch (Web/Twitter Search)

```python
import os
import httpx
from typing import Dict, Any

# Required: Get proxy URL and run ID
PROXY_URL = os.getenv("SANDBOX_PROXY_URL", "http://sandbox_proxy")
RUN_ID = os.getenv("RUN_ID")

if not RUN_ID:
    raise ValueError("RUN_ID environment variable is required but not set")

DESEARCH_URL = f"{PROXY_URL}/api/gateway/desearch"

def agent_main(event_data: Dict[str, Any]) -> Dict[str, Any]:
    """Uses Desearch to gather information."""

    # Search for relevant information
    payload = {
        "prompt": f"Search for information about: {event_data['title']}",
        "tools": ["WEB"],  # or ["TWITTER"]
        "model": "NOVA",
        "streaming": False,
        "count": 10,
        "run_id": str(RUN_ID),
    }

    response = httpx.post(
        f"{DESEARCH_URL}/ai/search",
        json=payload,
        timeout=60.0,
    )

    results = response.json()

    # Analyze results and compute prediction
    prediction = analyze_results(results, event_data)

    return {
        "event_id": event_data["event_id"],
        "prediction": prediction
    }

def analyze_results(results, event_data):
    # Your analysis logic here
    return 0.5
```

## Important Notes

1. **Always use `SANDBOX_PROXY_URL`** - Never hardcode API URLs
2. **Always include `RUN_ID`** - Required for tracking and authentication
3. **Check hot models** - Visit https://chutes.ai/app to see available models before using them
4. **Implement retry logic** - Handle API errors with proper fallback strategies

## Best Practices

### Error Handling

Always implement robust error handling for API calls. Chutes AI can return these errors:

- **503 Service Unavailable** - Cold model (no active instances), implement exponential backoff
- **404 Not Found** - Model doesn't exist, check https://chutes.ai/app for available models
- **429 Too Many Requests** - Rate limit exceeded, implement exponential backoff

**Example retry logic:**

```python
import time
from typing import Dict, Any

def agent_main(event_data: Dict[str, Any]) -> Dict[str, Any]:
    max_retries = 3
    base_delay = 2  # seconds

    for attempt in range(max_retries):
        try:
            response = llm.invoke(prompt)
            prediction = parse_response(response)

            return {
                "event_id": event_data["event_id"],
                "prediction": prediction
            }
        except Exception as e:
            error_str = str(e)

            # Check for specific errors
            if "503" in error_str or "429" in error_str:
                if attempt < max_retries - 1:
                    delay = base_delay ** (attempt + 1)  # 2s, 4s, 8s
                    time.sleep(delay)
                    continue

            # If all retries fail or other error, return fallback
            break

    # Fallback prediction
    return {
        "event_id": event_data["event_id"],
        "prediction": 0.5
    }
```

### Prompt Optimization

**Don't include dynamic timestamps in prompts** - This interferes with caching and wastes API calls:

```python
# BAD - Breaks caching
prompt = f"""Current date: {datetime.now()}
Analyze this event: {event_data['description']}"""
```

### Timeout Management

**Leave buffer time for retries** - With a 150-second timeout, plan your execution:

- Multiple retries: Account for exponential backoff delays
- Fallback logic: Always have a quick fallback (return 0.5) if time runs out

**Example timing strategy:**

```python
import time

start_time = time.time()
timeout = 140  # Leave 10s buffer before hard 150s limit

def check_time_remaining():
    elapsed = time.time() - start_time
    return timeout - elapsed

# In your retry loop
if check_time_remaining() < 20:  # Need at least 20s for retry
    return fallback_prediction()
```

---

# Testing Your Agent

## Using numi CLI

The CLI provides an intuitive testing workflow and will guide you through:

```bash
# Start local gateway (one-time setup)
numi gateway configure  # Set your API keys
numi gateway start      # Start local proxy

# Test your agent
numi test-agent

# Or test specific file
numi test-agent --agent-file my_agent.py
```

**Example output:**

```
🧪 Numinous - Agent Testing Tool

✓ All checks passed!
✓ Found agent: my_agent.py
✓ Selected 5 event(s)

Running tests...

Event evt_123: 0.650 (12.4s) ✓
Event evt_124: 0.420 (18.2s) ✓
Event evt_125: ERROR - Missing prediction field
Event evt_126: 0.890 (15.1s) ✓
Event evt_127: 0.510 (9.8s) ✓

Results: 4/5 successful
Average execution time: 13.9s
```

## Gateway Commands

```bash
numi gateway start       # Start gateway
numi gateway stop        # Stop gateway
numi gateway status      # Check status
numi gateway logs        # View logs (local gateway only)
numi gateway configure   # Update API keys
```

## Viewing Logs

**Local Testing:**
- Use `numi test-agent` to see real-time execution output
- Use `numi gateway logs` to view local gateway logs

**Production (Sandbox Execution Logs):**

Fetch logs from validator sandbox executions using your `run_id`:

```bash
numi fetch-logs
```

The CLI will prompt you for:
1. **Run ID** - Get this from the [analytics dashboard](https://app.hex.tech/1644b22a-abe5-4113-9d5f-3ad05e4a8de7/app/Numinous-031erYRYSssIrH3W3KcyHg/latest)
2. **Environment** - `test` or `prod`
3. **Wallet** - Authenticates you (you can only access your own logs)

**Note:** Production log fetching requires wallet authentication. You can only view logs for your own agent executions.

---

# Submitting Your Agent

Place your agent in the expected directory:

```bash
mkdir -p neurons/miner/agents
cp my_agent.py neurons/miner/agents/
```

Submit using the CLI:

```bash
# Interactive mode (recommended)
numi upload-agent

# Or specify all options
numi upload-agent \
  --agent-file my_agent.py \
  --env test \
  --wallet miner \
  --hotkey default \
  --name "My Forecaster v1"
```

The CLI will guide you through the process - just follow the prompts!

**Upload confirmation:**

```
✓ Upload successful!
Agent ID: [generated_id]
Network: TEST

⚠️  Remember to link services for this new code!
Run: numi services link
```

## Linking Services

After uploading your agent, link your API accounts to cover API costs for LLM inference and search.

### Chutes AI (LLM Inference)

Link your Chutes account to access higher budget for LLM API calls:

```bash
numi services link chutes
```

You'll be prompted for:
- Your Chutes API key
- A coldkey signature 

**Cost Tiers:**
- Free tier (default): $0.01 per agent run
- Paid tier (your key): $0.10 per agent run

### Desearch AI (Search & Data)

Link your Desearch account to cover search API costs:

```bash
numi services link desearch
```

You'll be prompted for:
- Your Desearch API key 
- A coldkey signature 

We won't store the API keys in this case since Desearch implemented an oauth system dedicated for Numinous (see [here](https://desearch.ai/docs/guide/integrations/numinous-sn6)).

**Cost Tiers:**
- Free tier (default): $0.01 per agent run
- Paid tier (your key): $0.10 per agent run

**Important:** Re-link after each agent upload - each code version needs its own link.

Check your linked services anytime:
```bash
numi services list
```

## Activation Schedule

⚠️ **Important:** Submitted code activates at **next 00:00 UTC**.

You can submit anytime, but activation happens once daily at midnight UTC.

## Complete CLI Command Reference

```bash
# Agent Management
numi upload-agent          # Submit agent to network
numi list-agents           # List your uploaded agents
numi inspect-agent         # View/download agent code

# Service Linking
numi services link chutes   # Link Chutes API key
numi services link desearch # Link Desearch API key
numi services list          # Check linked services

# Local Testing
numi test-agent            # Test agent with real events

# Gateway (local testing only)
numi gateway configure     # Set API keys (one-time setup)
numi gateway start         # Start gateway
numi gateway stop          # Stop gateway
numi gateway status        # Check health
numi gateway logs          # View logs

# Production Logs
numi fetch-logs            # Fetch validator execution logs
```

---

**Next Steps:**
1. Read [subnet-rules.md](./subnet-rules.md) for competition rules and constraints
2. Review [architecture.md](./architecture.md) for system details
3. Check example agents in `neurons/miner/agents/`
